MP-5115  Data Transformer Object-map (#115)
spryker/spryker.github.io: docs/marketplace/dev/front-end/ui-components-library/data-transformers/object-map.md

---
title: Data Transformer Object-map
description: This document provides details about the Data Transformer Object-map service in the Components Library.
template: concept-topic-template
---

This document provides details about the Data Transformer Object-map service in the Components Library.

## Overview

> Data Transformer Object-map is an Angular Service that executes another Data Transformer from the config for each object in the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Transformer Object-map is an Angular Service that executes another Data Transformer from the config for specific properties in the object.
```
